good afternoon today we will look at how
make the front door
it's just stupid
Of course maxim beard, but quite so possible
stylize the entrance to urfo in some sort
basement or cave
rather
So look at the top steps
and here it is the tribunes of Luzhnikov Koshman hearth
the backs are extended
pass
point of the sun I do not care today deft
standard
everything is working
it's just that the market has a simple scheme
so countries scholarship
at the end of the first minute
upper steps
until you move the solution put forward
so that
this segment of infor that the surplus of China then
here
many so simple
in the goblet
so guests with Putin are blocks
cobblestone
the so-called frontline
and will not move back
wetting the piston
rivkin need to put
so here after 1 year
hell dalia
pioneers n
Rosaviation
these fees
you point to comprehend
to rescuers
and
cobblestone blocks so again through
five year expert addition
excellent and natural
Himself all piston Sklar today in 14 pieces
as you can see
uah
Now let's see how to resist it all
work
our idea will be determined
fornicator front blocks
therefore
simple city garden watering rights together
with pistons behind them
will also be nominated
downstairs
divide this action by 2
the smaller ones in the first will be you with us
but
she moves west front blocks
cobblestone a in the second
and in the second
oao
will form a hike with
bottles
deputy
as you think of the piston
not to stick out somewhere there
under the table hard pitt arena
imagine
red torch
which are more pleasing to the eye
but I will not quote the goat duties
on the street
partnership with will be fueled
on the ground in the third shelf
yes and we will
second composition
FC Tottenham Pavlyuchenko
suppose
fueled by being part of the landscape
the old
institute also
he can also be raised
stress
lower assistant
so look
that he is exactly the initial
to impure hemp overdue
dancing
top cobble lots
the stairs here came back the blocks and
cordoned off resources everything is fine
so in 2002
now we need gurul with the chinese
cats
again via the internet
to people
South Sakhalinsk
from each side
this noise every action make this
day on the street in clinics
court inconsistent
rocks he just do everything here a lot
read
not difficult
and even I thought posts
the wolves are fed
we'll see
Poland is not
number of unrolled state so us
need will take place in the country
bypassing
what rates
loafers
fine
so now let's see how it works
assistance
The created device did not come and the second
he volunteered to shipping
but
a little worth it
the fact that
we see him behind the piston because
failure
and I would have a cabul
activated
because of which
here that
here is the repayment
Holocaust in the village
that is what the blogs on which
this red torch stood
now the opposite is fueled
and we will also raise her debt
so they inhabit these
right piston limited
what they eat well
the townspeople are beautiful
and there are edges of dough
can only be one way
put it
blocks
Russians Lila
besides which do not move pistons
but the humble have our neighbors
more affordable
so look
as our original picture
now first action
utility ratio
in the passage opened
some actions
reverse order
not important
Frau
so
fashionable
don't bother about it and again
if we turn off this mystery first
will be
why that action
and then
a person who gathered perfectly
on this very
now you just have to
finance police
and connect to the other
chigoev
the only thing for the second action
need to choose a delay
regarding the first
like many for a second window
but no problem
there i may be wrong so the actress is that
experiment saturday everyone thanks